c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.dll
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.pdb
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.SavedIt.Droid.apk
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.SavedIt.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.dll
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.pdb
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\SavedIt.Droid.SavedIt.Droid.apk
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\gsg-nb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\GSG-NB\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\GSG-NB\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\GSG-NB\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Portable.dll
C:\Users\GSG-NB\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Portable.pdb
C:\Users\GSG-NB\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Portable.dll.mdb
C:\Users\GSG-NB\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
C:\Users\GSG-NB\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinAndroid.dll
C:\Users\GSG-NB\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\obj\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\GSG-NB\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SavedIt.Droid\SavedIt.Droid\bin\Debug\SavedIt.Droid.dll.mdb
